# Library demo app
by Alessandro G. Magnasco 2026, AGPLv3

> This is a full stack demo library management app. It showcases a simple setup that was solo written in a few hours. This is NOT intended to be a secured production application and does not contain SSL.

### Stack:
- Front: Node.js, Typescript, React.js, EasyPeasy
- Back: NGINX, Express.js, Postgres, OpenAPI
- Docker

### Installation and removal:
- Requirements: Git, GNU Make, Docker
- Clone the git repository https://github.com/amagnasco/library-demo and enter it
- Rename '.env.example' to '.env', and edit it if you want to add API keys.
- In a shell, run "make demo"
- Navigate to http://localhost/
- To remove, run "make clean" and delete the folder

### Features:
- [] Admin users can add, remove, or edit books.
- [] Patron users can check books in or out.
- [] The collection is searchable by text fields or by tags.

### Accounts:
- Librarian: alice/nevermore
- Patrons: bob/dublin, charlie/mississippi

### Roadmap:
- [x] project set up
- [x] architecture design and schemas
- [x] installation instructions
- [x] demo users created
- [x] docker online
- [x] database online
- [x] nginx online
- [x] backend online
- [x] frontend online
- [x] login page
- [x] collection page
- [x] i18n en/es/fr
- [x] login functional
- [] collections functional
- [] new media pane
- [] existing media pane
- [] new media functional
- [] existing media functional
- [] search function
- [] tags can be generated by a LLM from a provided short description.
- [] styling

Enjoy!
Ale
